resource/aws_iam_role: Add exclusive list support for a role's inline and managed policies (#5904)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/iam_policy_attachment.html.markdown

~> **NOTE:** The usage of this resource conflicts with the `aws_iam_group_policy_attachment`, `aws_iam_role_policy_attachment`, and `aws_iam_user_policy_attachment` resources and will permanently show a difference if both are defined.

> ~> **NOTE:** For a given role, this resource is incompatible with using [`aws_iam_role`'s](/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role_policy_attachment.html) `managed_policy_arns` argument. If you use the `aws_iam_role`.`managed_policy_arns` argument, the `aws_iam_role` resource will take over exclusive management of the role's managed policy attachments. If you attempt to manage a role's policies by multiple means, you will get resource cycling and/or errors.

Reviewer: Most importantly the link typo

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** For a given role, this resource is incompatible with using the [`aws_iam_role` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role.html) `managed_policy_arns` argument. When using that argument and this resource, both will attempt to manage the role's managed policy attachments and Terraform will show a permanent difference.
```
